It also shows if the
tower blows value, but there is no electricity at all.
The previous High R Rocky was in charge
Thank you, Master Kaniyo!
Master Kaniyo was service inside your marketplace when I precuked the floor for your blow-out?
Of course it was.
Did I say Master Kaniyo?
Then, Owner Ch Kunan said.
It don't matter who you let go of, just listen to what the manager has to say.
If the child los er, they will be more likely to be thrown into damnation
and speak of our situation in heaven.
But even that seal is already on crap.
Maybe the sebis 확 Analytica ens oluyor.
But may I quit singing?
I see.
Sifu's
What do you think?
What do you think of the Sasutaka?
You know, the one on the top of the mountain.
You're a man, but what do you think of the Shoto Gangai?
I don't know if you've ever heard of the Shoto Gangai, but the Sasutaka...
Maybe it wasn't a river, but the Sasutaka...
If you're so afraid of it, you're a man.
You can't run away from it.
You know, the Sasutaka Gangai...
I don't know if you've ever heard of the Sasutaka, but the Sasutaka...
It's a manless, cruel man.
The Shungan Gangai is a man of great skill.
It's hard to kill them.
They're so big. They have power.
They're so big.